# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via streamlit
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.11
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
diffusers==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via diffusers
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.31.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-utilities==0.11.9
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy==1.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
narwhals==1.20.1
    # via altair
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
notebook==7.3.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   streamlit
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   streamlit
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   diffusers
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==4.25.5
    # via streamlit
psutil==6.1.1
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-env==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pytorch-lightning==2.0.0
    # via lightning
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.9.4
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   transformers
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   lightning-utilities
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via streamlit
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-env
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.6.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.47.1
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==3.1.0
    # via torch
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   mistune
    #   multidict
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rich
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
